hey guys it's Nikki here and today I'll
be doing a review on the new Dexter
charming from ever after high I got it
from toots toys calm I'll leave the link
to their fabulous store in the
description box and stay tuned for
pictures of his box at the end of the
video
Dexter's got his hair gelled to the side
with a gold crown I'll give you a 360 of
that Dexter Charming is daring
Charming's brother in the show my mom
and I are Team Dexter
leave in the comments if your team
Dexter or daring we mentioned that in
our haul if you haven't seen that link
in the description we got a bunch of
cool stuff he has bright blue eyes and
no makeup on and no piercings he's
wearing this blue gold trim jacket and
there's like this brooch over here and
in the back we'll give you a bit of a
back view of that does the gold trim as
well and it's a long aided back here I
love his outfit is the perfect mix of
like preppy cool and like royal loving
it he's got a scarf with stripes and I
love the design on his shirt it's like a
rocky looking design or like a tree
branch kind of reminds me of he's got
gray pants on with this little chain
over here that hangs off and the grey
pants are nicely made actually they feel
like real pants loving them he's holding
this bag that can be worn on his back or
looks like kind of like one of those
roly bags but oh no it's not but looks
like one of those bags that you can kind
of roll around like it's just a big
backpack and lastly is his shoes
they're navy blue high tops and I'll
give you a side view of that and the
stand he's standing on by the way guys
comes with him so yay for stands and
lastly there's a little e a on the
bottom of his shoes that I noticed
so that's super cool hope said he just
fell off the stand but that's it for
Dexter forgot to mention his glasses
they don't have any lenses inside so
they look better on the eyes normally in
the show he does wear them but he came
without them on the doll but he still
looks super cute like this alright guys
that brings us to the end of this video
be sure to subscribe to me leave a
comment who is your favorite Dexter or
daring a like I said I'm team Dexter all
the way like this video favorite share
it with your friends also don't forget
to watch my other videos and me on
Facebook follow me on Twitter and
Instagram links are always in the
description alright thanks so much for
watching and I'll see you guys soon bye